docs/server/server_cvars.md, before:

# List of ETJump server cvars
Below is a list of all ETJump related cvars (console variables) for server configuration.

---

## g_adminChat
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_adminChat             | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles adminchat functionality on the server.

```{seealso}
[Admin chat](admin_system.md/#admin-chat)
```

---

## g_adminLog
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_adminLog              | filename      | adminsystem.log

Enables logging of certain admin events to the specified log file.

```{note}
If [`g_dailyLogs`](#g_dailylogs) is enabled, the log name is ignored and the logs are created daily to `logs` directory, prefixed with `admin-`.
```

```{seealso}
[Admin system logging](admin_system.md/#admin-system-logging)
```

---

## g_allowSpeclock
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_allowSpeclock         | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players are allowed to use [`speclock`](../client/client_commands.md/#speclock-specunlock).

---

## g_autoRtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_autoRtv               | 0 - 1440      | 0

Sets the interval for calling automatic Rock The Vote, in minutes.

---

## g_banner1-5
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_banner1               | any text      | ETJump
g_banner2               | any text      | A Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Trickjump Modification
g_banner3               | any text      | www.etjump.com
g_banner4               | any text      | Developed by Zero, Feengur and Setup
g_banner5               | any text      | Thanks for choosing ETJump!

Sets text for banners displayed on the server.

---

## g_bannerLocation
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_bannerLocation        | 0 - 3         | 1

Sets the location where banners are printed.

* **0** for center print, 
* **1** for top print, 
* **2** for chat print, 
* **3** for left print.

---

## g_bannerTime
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_bannerTime            | any positive integer | 60000

How often in milliseconds to print banners.

---

## g_banners
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_banners               | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles the banner system.

---

## g_blockCheatCvars
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_blockCheatCvars       | bitflag       | 0

Blocks usage of certain cvars that can be used to cheat. If the rules are violated, the player is moved to spectators.

* **1** forces `cl_yawspeed 0` & `cl_freelook 1`
* **2** forces `com_maxfps 25-125` when using `pmove_fixed 0`

---

## g_blockedMaps
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_blockedMaps           | map names     | 

A list of maps that cannot be voted for. Names are separated by space.

```{note}
Does not perform validation for mapnames.
```

---

## g_chatOptions
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_chatOptions           | 0 or 1        | 1

Allow players to highlight other players in chat using `@name@`.

---

## g_chatReplay
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_chatReplay            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles chat replay functionality. When enabled, global chat messages are logged to `chatreplay.json` file and replayed to the clients when they connect, on map changes and on `vid_restart`.

```{note}
Chat messages are still stored in the chat replay file when this is disabled.
```

```{seealso}
[`g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge`](server_cvars.md/#g_chatreplaymaxmessageage)
```

---

## g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge
Cvar                      | Values               | Default
:-------------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge | any positive integer | 5

Maximum age in minutes for a chat replay message to be included in the replay sent to clients when they connect to a server for the first time. **0** means always send every message, regardless of how old they are.

```{note}
This has no effect on messages that are sent after a client has connected. Any message sent after the client's session has started will always be replayed to them upon `vid_restart` or map change.
```

---

## g_customMapVotesFile
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_customMapVotesFile    | filename      | customvotes.json

Filename for the custom map votes file.

---

## g_dailyLogs
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_dailyLogs             | 0 or 1        | 1

Whether to log everything in a single file or change the file daily. The log file will be written to `logs` directory.

```{note}
When enabled, this also enables daily logging for [`g_adminLog`](#g_adminlog).
```

---

## g_debugTrackers
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_debugTrackers         | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles tracker debugging. When enabled, all tracker changes are printed to players. Additionally, players gain access to [`tracker_print`](../client/client_commands.md/#tracker_print) and [`tracker_set`](../client/client_commands.md/#tracker_set) commands.

```{note}
Timerun records are not saved when tracker debugging is enabled.
```

---

## g_disableVoteAfterMapChange
Cvar                        | Values               | Default
:---------------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_disableVoteAfterMapChange | any positive integer | 30000

How long players must wait to vote again in milliseconds after map changes.

---

## g_enableVote
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_enableVote            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles voting.

---

## g_floodlimit
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_floodlimit            | any positive integer | 5

How many times can player send a message fast before flood protection kicks in.

---

## g_floodprotection
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_floodprotection       | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles flood protection.

---

## g_floodwait
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_floodwait             | any positive integer | 768

Time in milliseconds to allow player to send messages again.

---

## g_ghostPlayers
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_ghostPlayers          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can go through each other.

---

## g_goto
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_goto                  | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles [`goto`](../client/client_commands.md/#goto).

---

## g_levelConfig
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_levelConfig           | filename      | levels.cfg

File to store admin system levels in.

---

## g_mapDatabase
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_mapDatabase           | filename      | maps.dat

File where information about maps is stored (eg. playtime).

---

## g_mapScriptDir
Cvar                    | Values         | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------|:------------
g_mapScriptDir          | directory name | mapscripts

Directory to load custom map scripts from.

---

## g_maxConnsPerIP
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_maxConnsPerIP         | any integer   | 2

How many clients can connect from a single IP address.

```{note}
[ETe](https://github.com/etfdevs/ETe) and [ET: Legacy](https://www.etlegacy.com/) also limit this with on the server side with `sv_maxclientsPerIP` and `sv_ipMaxClients`, respectively.
```

---

## g_motdFile
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_motdFile              | filename      | motd.json

File that sets the message of the day.

---

## g_moverScale
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_moverScale            | 0.1 - 5.0     | 1.0

Scales movement speed of entities following spline paths (typically vehicles) by the given value.

```{seealso}
[`!moverscale`](./admin_system.md#moverscale)
```

---

## g_mute
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_mute                  | bitflag       | 0

Sets restrictions to apply to muted players. 

* **0** default behaviour, cannot send chat messages
* **1** cannot send private messages
* **2** cannot call votes

---

## g_nameChangeInterval
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_nameChangeInterval    | any positive integer | 60

How often in seconds is the name change limit reset.

---

## g_nameChangeLimit
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_nameChangeLimit       | any integer   | 5

How many times a player can change their name before getting kicked for spam.

---

## g_noclip
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_noclip                | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles whether players have access to `noclip` command.

```{seealso}
[`!noclip`](admin_system.md/#noclip)
```

---

## g_nofatigue
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_nofatigue             | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can have access to permanent adrenaline with the [`etj_nofatigue`](../client/etjump_cvars.md/#etj_nofatigue) cvar.

---

## g_oss
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_oss                   | bitflag       | 399

Indicates operating systems and architectures supported by the mod. Used by the ET: Legacy server browser to filter out incompatible servers for clients architecture.

* **0** vanilla/unknown/ET: Legacy auto setup
* **1** Windows x86
* **2** Linux x86
* **4** Linux x86_64
* **8** macOS x86_64
* **16** Android aarch64
* **32** Raspberry Pi arm
* **64** Raspberry Pi aarch64
* **128** macOS aarch64 (Apple M-series chips)
* **256** Windows x86_64

```{note}
This is a read-only cvar and should not be set by server administrators. ETJump currently supports the following platforms:

* Windows x86
* Linux x86
* Linux x86_64
* macOS x86_64
* macOS aarch64 (Apple M-series chips)
* Windows x86_64
```

---

## g_portalDebug
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_portalDebug           | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles drawing of portal activation boxes.

---

## g_portalMode
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_portalMode            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles restricted portalgun mode. 

* **0** players spawn with a portalgun on every map 
* **1** players don't spawn with a portal gun.

```{note}
This can be overridden on per-map basis with the `portalgun_spawn` [`worldspawn key`](../mapping/mapping_entities.md/#worldspawn).
```

---

## g_rtvMaxMaps
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_rtvMaxMaps            | 2 - 9         | 5

Sets the amount of maps to include in a Rock The Vote.

---

## g_save
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_save                  | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles players access to [`save`](../client/client_commands.md/#save) and [`load`](../client/client_commands.md/#load).

---

## g_spectatorVote
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_spectatorVote         | 0 - 2         | 0

Sets options for spectators to participate in voting.

* **0** default, spectators cannot participate in voting.
* **1** spectators can cast votes.
* **2** spectators can also call votes.

```{hint}
Only spectators who participate in voting are taken into account by `vote_percent` cvar. This is to prevent votes never passing on servers with multiple idle spectators.
```

---

## g_timerunsDatabase
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_timerunsDatabase      | filename      | timeruns.db

File to store old timerun records in.

```{note}
As of ETJump 3.0.0, this is no longer used to store any timerun records. It is only used to migrate records from old timerun database schema to the new one. New timerun records are saved into the file specified [`g_timeruns2Database`](server_cvars.md/#g_timeruns2database)
```

---

## g_timeruns2Database
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_timeruns2Database     | filename      | timeruns.v2.db

File to store new timerun records in.

---

## g_tokensMode
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_tokensMode            | 0 or 1        | 1

Enables players to use [`!tokens`](admin_system.md/#tokens) command to add collectible tokens into a map. 

---

## g_tokensPath
Cvar                    | Values         | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------|:------------
g_tokensPath            | directory name | tokens

Directory where tokens information is stored.

---

## g_userConfig
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_userConfig            | filename      | users.db

File to store the user database in.

---

## g_voteCooldown
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_voteCooldown          | any positive integer | 15

How long in seconds a player must wait after their previous vote to call another one.

---

## g_weapons
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_weapons               | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players spawn with weapons or just knife.

---

## vote_allow_autoRtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_rtv          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for changing the interval of automatic Rock The Vote.

---

## vote_allow_randommap
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_randommap    | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for a random map.

---

## vote_allow_rtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_rtv          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for Rock The Vote.

---

## vote_minRtvDuration
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_minRtvDuration     | 1000 - 29000  | 15000

Minimum time in milliseconds Rock The Vote must active before passing.

---

## vote_minVoteDuration
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_minVoteDuration    | 1000 - 29000  | 5000

Minimum time in milliseconds a vote must active before passing.

Commit message:

Add note about mapscript case sensitivity

docs/server/server_cvars.md, after:

# List of ETJump server cvars
Below is a list of all ETJump related cvars (console variables) for server configuration.

---

## g_adminChat
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_adminChat             | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles adminchat functionality on the server.

```{seealso}
[Admin chat](admin_system.md/#admin-chat)
```

---

## g_adminLog
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_adminLog              | filename      | adminsystem.log

Enables logging of certain admin events to the specified log file.

```{note}
If [`g_dailyLogs`](#g_dailylogs) is enabled, the log name is ignored and the logs are created daily to `logs` directory, prefixed with `admin-`.
```

```{seealso}
[Admin system logging](admin_system.md/#admin-system-logging)
```

---

## g_allowSpeclock
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_allowSpeclock         | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players are allowed to use [`speclock`](../client/client_commands.md/#speclock-specunlock).

---

## g_autoRtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_autoRtv               | 0 - 1440      | 0

Sets the interval for calling automatic Rock The Vote, in minutes.

---

## g_banner1-5
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_banner1               | any text      | ETJump
g_banner2               | any text      | A Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory Trickjump Modification
g_banner3               | any text      | www.etjump.com
g_banner4               | any text      | Developed by Zero, Feengur and Setup
g_banner5               | any text      | Thanks for choosing ETJump!

Sets text for banners displayed on the server.

---

## g_bannerLocation
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_bannerLocation        | 0 - 3         | 1

Sets the location where banners are printed.

* **0** for center print, 
* **1** for top print, 
* **2** for chat print, 
* **3** for left print.

---

## g_bannerTime
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_bannerTime            | any positive integer | 60000

How often in milliseconds to print banners.

---

## g_banners
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_banners               | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles the banner system.

---

## g_blockCheatCvars
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_blockCheatCvars       | bitflag       | 0

Blocks usage of certain cvars that can be used to cheat. If the rules are violated, the player is moved to spectators.

* **1** forces `cl_yawspeed 0` & `cl_freelook 1`
* **2** forces `com_maxfps 25-125` when using `pmove_fixed 0`

---

## g_blockedMaps
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_blockedMaps           | map names     | 

A list of maps that cannot be voted for. Names are separated by space.

```{note}
Does not perform validation for mapnames.
```

---

## g_chatOptions
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_chatOptions           | 0 or 1        | 1

Allow players to highlight other players in chat using `@name@`.

---

## g_chatReplay
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_chatReplay            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles chat replay functionality. When enabled, global chat messages are logged to `chatreplay.json` file and replayed to the clients when they connect, on map changes and on `vid_restart`.

```{note}
Chat messages are still stored in the chat replay file when this is disabled.
```

```{seealso}
[`g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge`](server_cvars.md/#g_chatreplaymaxmessageage)
```

---

## g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge
Cvar                      | Values               | Default
:-------------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_chatReplayMaxMessageAge | any positive integer | 5

Maximum age in minutes for a chat replay message to be included in the replay sent to clients when they connect to a server for the first time. **0** means always send every message, regardless of how old they are.

```{note}
This has no effect on messages that are sent after a client has connected. Any message sent after the client's session has started will always be replayed to them upon `vid_restart` or map change.
```

---

## g_customMapVotesFile
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_customMapVotesFile    | filename      | customvotes.json

Filename for the custom map votes file.

---

## g_dailyLogs
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_dailyLogs             | 0 or 1        | 1

Whether to log everything in a single file or change the file daily. The log file will be written to `logs` directory.

```{note}
When enabled, this also enables daily logging for [`g_adminLog`](#g_adminlog).
```

---

## g_debugTrackers
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_debugTrackers         | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles tracker debugging. When enabled, all tracker changes are printed to players. Additionally, players gain access to [`tracker_print`](../client/client_commands.md/#tracker_print) and [`tracker_set`](../client/client_commands.md/#tracker_set) commands.

```{note}
Timerun records are not saved when tracker debugging is enabled.
```

---

## g_disableVoteAfterMapChange
Cvar                        | Values               | Default
:---------------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_disableVoteAfterMapChange | any positive integer | 30000

How long players must wait to vote again in milliseconds after map changes.

---

## g_enableVote
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_enableVote            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles voting.

---

## g_floodlimit
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_floodlimit            | any positive integer | 5

How many times can player send a message fast before flood protection kicks in.

---

## g_floodprotection
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_floodprotection       | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles flood protection.

---

## g_floodwait
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_floodwait             | any positive integer | 768

Time in milliseconds to allow player to send messages again.

---

## g_ghostPlayers
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_ghostPlayers          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can go through each other.

---

## g_goto
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_goto                  | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles [`goto`](../client/client_commands.md/#goto).

---

## g_levelConfig
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_levelConfig           | filename      | levels.cfg

File to store admin system levels in.

---

## g_mapDatabase
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_mapDatabase           | filename      | maps.dat

File where information about maps is stored (eg. playtime).

---

## g_mapScriptDir
Cvar                    | Values         | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------|:------------
g_mapScriptDir          | directory name | mapscripts

Directory to load custom map scripts from.

```{note}
Custom mapscripts should be **all lowercase**, even if the map name has uppercase letters. ETJump forces all map names to be lowercase, which means that on Linux systems (which is most likely the case for servers) the filename must be all lowercase as well.

Historically, it was possible to load a map with incorrect case sensitivity, e.g.`/map OASIS`, which could unexpectedly cause custom mapscripts to stop loading on Linux, because the map name no longer matched the script name with case sensitivity. Because most servers run on Linux, where this would cause problems, the mod forces everything to be lowercase for consistency, regardless of how the map was loaded, or how the map name is written.
```

---

## g_maxConnsPerIP
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_maxConnsPerIP         | any integer   | 2

How many clients can connect from a single IP address.

```{note}
[ETe](https://github.com/etfdevs/ETe) and [ET: Legacy](https://www.etlegacy.com/) also limit this with on the server side with `sv_maxclientsPerIP` and `sv_ipMaxClients`, respectively.
```

---

## g_motdFile
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_motdFile              | filename      | motd.json

File that sets the message of the day.

---

## g_moverScale
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_moverScale            | 0.1 - 5.0     | 1.0

Scales movement speed of entities following spline paths (typically vehicles) by the given value.

```{seealso}
[`!moverscale`](./admin_system.md#moverscale)
```

---

## g_mute
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_mute                  | bitflag       | 0

Sets restrictions to apply to muted players. 

* **0** default behaviour, cannot send chat messages
* **1** cannot send private messages
* **2** cannot call votes

---

## g_nameChangeInterval
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_nameChangeInterval    | any positive integer | 60

How often in seconds is the name change limit reset.

---

## g_nameChangeLimit
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_nameChangeLimit       | any integer   | 5

How many times a player can change their name before getting kicked for spam.

---

## g_noclip
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_noclip                | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles whether players have access to `noclip` command.

```{seealso}
[`!noclip`](admin_system.md/#noclip)
```

---

## g_nofatigue
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_nofatigue             | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can have access to permanent adrenaline with the [`etj_nofatigue`](../client/etjump_cvars.md/#etj_nofatigue) cvar.

---

## g_oss
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_oss                   | bitflag       | 399

Indicates operating systems and architectures supported by the mod. Used by the ET: Legacy server browser to filter out incompatible servers for clients architecture.

* **0** vanilla/unknown/ET: Legacy auto setup
* **1** Windows x86
* **2** Linux x86
* **4** Linux x86_64
* **8** macOS x86_64
* **16** Android aarch64
* **32** Raspberry Pi arm
* **64** Raspberry Pi aarch64
* **128** macOS aarch64 (Apple M-series chips)
* **256** Windows x86_64

```{note}
This is a read-only cvar and should not be set by server administrators. ETJump currently supports the following platforms:

* Windows x86
* Linux x86
* Linux x86_64
* macOS x86_64
* macOS aarch64 (Apple M-series chips)
* Windows x86_64
```

---

## g_portalDebug
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_portalDebug           | 0 or 1        | 0

Toggles drawing of portal activation boxes.

---

## g_portalMode
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_portalMode            | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles restricted portalgun mode. 

* **0** players spawn with a portalgun on every map 
* **1** players don't spawn with a portal gun.

```{note}
This can be overridden on per-map basis with the `portalgun_spawn` [`worldspawn key`](../mapping/mapping_entities.md/#worldspawn).
```

---

## g_rtvMaxMaps
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_rtvMaxMaps            | 2 - 9         | 5

Sets the amount of maps to include in a Rock The Vote.

---

## g_save
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_save                  | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles players access to [`save`](../client/client_commands.md/#save) and [`load`](../client/client_commands.md/#load).

---

## g_spectatorVote
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_spectatorVote         | 0 - 2         | 0

Sets options for spectators to participate in voting.

* **0** default, spectators cannot participate in voting.
* **1** spectators can cast votes.
* **2** spectators can also call votes.

```{hint}
Only spectators who participate in voting are taken into account by `vote_percent` cvar. This is to prevent votes never passing on servers with multiple idle spectators.
```

---

## g_timerunsDatabase
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_timerunsDatabase      | filename      | timeruns.db

File to store old timerun records in.

```{note}
As of ETJump 3.0.0, this is no longer used to store any timerun records. It is only used to migrate records from old timerun database schema to the new one. New timerun records are saved into the file specified [`g_timeruns2Database`](server_cvars.md/#g_timeruns2database)
```

---

## g_timeruns2Database
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_timeruns2Database     | filename      | timeruns.v2.db

File to store new timerun records in.

---

## g_tokensMode
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_tokensMode            | 0 or 1        | 1

Enables players to use [`!tokens`](admin_system.md/#tokens) command to add collectible tokens into a map. 

---

## g_tokensPath
Cvar                    | Values         | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------|:------------
g_tokensPath            | directory name | tokens

Directory where tokens information is stored.

---

## g_userConfig
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_userConfig            | filename      | users.db

File to store the user database in.

---

## g_voteCooldown
Cvar                    | Values               | Default
:-----------------------|:---------------------|:------------
g_voteCooldown          | any positive integer | 15

How long in seconds a player must wait after their previous vote to call another one.

---

## g_weapons
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
g_weapons               | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players spawn with weapons or just knife.

---

## vote_allow_autoRtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_rtv          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for changing the interval of automatic Rock The Vote.

---

## vote_allow_randommap
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_randommap    | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for a random map.

---

## vote_allow_rtv
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_allow_rtv          | 0 or 1        | 1

Toggles whether players can vote for Rock The Vote.

---

## vote_minRtvDuration
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_minRtvDuration     | 1000 - 29000  | 15000

Minimum time in milliseconds Rock The Vote must active before passing.

---

## vote_minVoteDuration
Cvar                    | Values        | Default
:-----------------------|:--------------|:------------
vote_minVoteDuration    | 1000 - 29000  | 5000

Minimum time in milliseconds a vote must active before passing.
